cinema synopses spoiler alert in the
Eastern European country of sokovia the
Avengers Tony Stark Steve Rogers Thor
Bruce Banner Natasha Romanov and Clint
Barton grade-a Hydra facility commanded
by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker I think
we lost the element of surprise who has
been experimenting on humans using the
scepter previously wielded by Loki von
der Septon send out the twins they
encounter two of strucker's test subject
twins Pietro Maximoff who has superhuman
speed and Wanda Maximoff who can
manipulate minds and project energy the
second enhanced female an apprehended
Strucker guys I got Strucker while Stark
retrieves Loki's scepter The Avengers
arrived back in New York I just pay for
everything and design everything look
cooler stark and banner discover an
artificial intelligence within the
scepters gem the scepter is alien
the jewel appears to be a protective
housing something powerful like a
computer artificial intelligence and
secretly decide to use it to complete
Starks Ultron global defense program
this could be the key to creating Ultron
the unexpectedly sentient Ultron what is
this you are ultra global peacekeeping
initiatives believing he must eradicate
humanity to save earth eliminates Starks
AI Jarvis I believe your intentions to
be hostile
I'm here to stop
ultra in the flesh and attacks the
Avengers at their headquarters escaping
with the scepter
Ultron uses the resources in strucker's
sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary
body and build an army of robot drones
having killed Strucker he recruits the
maximov's
is that why you've come to end the
Avengers I've come to save the world but
also yeah who hold Starks responsible
for their parents's deaths by his
company's weapons you lost your parents
in the bombing the records we wait for
two days for Tony Stark to kill us goes
to the base of arms dealer ulysses klaue
to obtain what hundun vibranium what
comes out of Wakanda the strongest metal
on earth let's talk business
Stark is he's a Sikh Junior you're gonna
break your old man's heart the Avengers
attack Ultron and the maximum stay down
Kate but Wanda subdues them with
haunting visions done the whole mind
control thing not a fan
I'm Colin Veronica causing the Hulk
to rampage until start stops him with
his auntie halt
armor the sleep could sleep could sleep
a worldwide backlash over the resulting
destruction and the fears
Wanda's hallucinations incited send the
team into hiding what is this place safe
house
Thor departs to consult with dr. Erik
Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic
future he saw in his hallucination
in sole dream and your entire staff dies
Ultron forces the team's friend dr.
Helen Cho who was enslaved by Loki's
scepter to use her synthetic tissue
technology together with vibranium and
the scepters gem to perfect a new body
for him Romanoff and Banner planned to
flee together after realizing a mutual
attraction
however Nick Fury arrives and encourages
the team to form a plan to stop Ultron
so stand outwit the Platinum Thor visits
the water of sight with dr. Selvig and
sees what Ultron is planning to do with
the Infinity stone inside the scepter as
Ultron uploads himself into the body
Wanda is able to read his mind
discovering his plan for human
extinction the maximov's turn against
Ultron
[Music]
he's the plotting himself into the body
rogers romanov and barton find Ultron
retrieve the synthetic body Ultron
captures Romanoff I wasn't sure the
Avengers fight amongst themselves when
Starks secretly uploads Jarvis who is
still operational after hiding from
Ultron inside the internet doors has
been beating him from insights into the
synthetic body you want me to help you
put Jarvis into this thing Thor returns
to help activate the body explaining
that the gem on its brow the mine stone
it's one of the six Infinity stones the
most powerful objects in existence was
part of his vision he must be destroyed
this vision and the maximov's
accompany the Avengers to sokovia where
Ultron has used the remaining vibranium
to build a machine to lift a large part
of the capital city skyward this is how
you end to me this is peace in my time
intending to crash it into the ground to
cause global extinction if it drops once
it gets high enough global extinction
banner rescues Romanov who awakens the
Hulk for battle I adore you
but I need the other guy the Avengers
fight Ultron's army while fury arrives
in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill James
Rhodes and shield agents to evacuate
civilians let's load him up Pietro dies
when shields Barton from gunfire and a
vengeful Wanda abandons her post to
destroy Ultron's primary body which
allows one of his drones to activate the
machine the city plummets darkened Thor
overload the machine and shatter the
landmass in the aftermath the Hulk
unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being
with her I need departs in a Quinjet
well I was born yesterday
well vision confronts and seemingly
destroys Ultron's last remote body later
with the Avengers having established a
new base run by fury hill Cho and Selig
Thor returns to Asgard to learn more
about the forces he suspects have
manipulated recent events the mine stone
is the fourth of the Infinity stones the
last few years as Stark leaves and
Barton retires Rogers and Romanoff
prepare to train New Avengers their good
and not a team let's beat him into shape
Rhodes the vision Sam and Wanda
in a mid credit scene
Thanos dissatisfied by the failures of
his pawns dons a gauntlet and vows to
retrieve the Infinity stones himself
here are some fun Easter eggs and trivia
from The Avengers 2 age of Ultron in the
comics Ultron was created by dr. Hank
Pym ant-man in this film Ultron is a
dormant project developed by Tony Stark
and Pym appear separately in ant-man in
2015 Stan Lee makes his regular cameo as
a veteran at the Avengers party who
takes a drink of Thor's ale leus said
this is his favorite cameo to date Bruce
banners creation that houses the extra
Hulkbuster parts veronica is named that
as an in-joke based on the Archie comics
Archie Andrews is always torn between
the two women that love him Betty and
Veronica banner already had a girlfriend
Betty Ross so this armor was named
Veronica as a contrast to banners
alternate personality the Hulk
during his first meeting with the
maximov's Ultron is seen wearing a
crimson cloth like a cloak with a hood
in his first appearance in The Avengers
number 54 in 1968 he wore one throughout
the comic and had the alias of the
Crimson cowl Black Widow declines trying
to lift Thor's hammer in the comics she
was deemed worthy to wield it in an
alternate reality story Steve Rogers is
the only Avenger
besides Thor in the vision who was able
to move the enchanted hammer Mjolnir
albeit only making it budge slightly in
the comics he was able to move it fully
as best seen in the 2012 crossover event
fear itself this is why Rogers could
move it slightly at the party
causing Thor to be momentarily anxious
about his own worthiness to hold the
hammer
nothing
[Music]